Add some contents to the README file (#166)
mia-platform/community: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution Guidelines

First off, thank you for considering contributing to Mia-Platform Community.

This document is intended to provide guidelines for contributing to the community both with contents and with the discussion board.

## Code of Conduct

This project adheres to the [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), please read it and follow it
before contributing. If you find someone that is not respecting it please report its behaviour.

## How Can I Contribute

### Discussion Board

> 

Author: ```suggestion

The [discussion board](https://github.com/mia-platform/community/discussions) is the place where you can search for common problems/ideas and ask your own; each discussion should be properly labelled, formatted and written following the guidelines below:

- all threads must be written in English
- each thread *must not* contain any reserved information (customer names, identifiers, personal data, secret values, etc)
```

#### Create a new discussion

> 

Author: ```suggestion

Before creating a new discussion make sure there is no discussion on the same topic, already; if you didn't found what you are looking for, open a new one and make sure to properly label it.
```

# Contribution Guidelines

First off, thank you for considering contributing to Mia-Platform Community.

This document is intended to provide guidelines for contributing to the community both with contents and with the discussion board.

## Code of Conduct

This project adheres to the [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), please read it and follow it
before contributing. If you find someone that is not respecting it please report its behaviour.

## How Can I Contribute

### Discussion Board

The [discussion board](https://github.com/mia-platform/community/discussions) is the place where you can search for common problems/ideas and ask your own; each discussion should be properly labelled, formatted and written following the guidelines below:

- all threads must be written in English

> - each thread *must not* contain any reserved information (customer names, identifiers, personal data, secret values, etc)

Author: ```suggestion
- each thread *must not* contain any reserved information (customer names, identifiers, personal data, secret values, etc)

```

#### Create a new discussion

> Before creating a new discussion make sure there is no discussion on the same topic, already; if you didn't found what you are looking for, open a new one and make sure to properly label it.

Author: ```suggestion
Before creating a new discussion make sure there is no discussion on the same topic, already; if you didn't found what you are looking for, open a new one and make sure to properly label it.

```

# Contribution Guidelines

First off, thank you for considering contributing to Mia-Platform Community.

> This document is intended to provide guidelines for contributing to the community both with contents and with the discussion board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document aims to provide guidelines for contributing to the community, both with contents and with the discussion board.
```

## Code of Conduct

This project adheres to the [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), please read it and follow it
before contributing. If you find someone that is not respecting it please report its behaviour.

## How Can I Contribute

### Discussion Board

The [discussion board](https://github.com/mia-platform/community/discussions) is the place where you can search for common problems, ideas and ask your own; each discussion (regardless if it is a question or an answer) must follow the guidelines below:

> - all threads must be written in English

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All threads must be written in English;
```

> - each thread *must not* contain any reserved information (customer names, identifiers, personal data, secret values, etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each thread *must not* contain any reserved information (customer names, identifiers, personal data, secret values, etc.);
```

> - proper labels must be used, there's a bunch of labels already available, if you don't find a suitable one we can help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Proper labels must be used; there's a bunch of labels already available, if you don't find a suitable one, ask the maintainers.
```

#### Create a new discussion

> Before creating a new discussion make sure there is no discussion on the same topic, already; if you don't found what you are looking for, open a new one and make sure to properly label it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before creating a new discussion make sure there is no discussion on the same topic, already; if you did not find what you were looking for, open a new one and make sure to properly label it.
```

### Change Community contents

> To propose changes to the community contents you can open a new pull request if you are not sure where to start from you can open an issue to discuss your proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To propose changes to the community contents, you can open a new pull request. If you are not sure where to start from, you can open an issue to discuss your proposal.
```
